# CL-WIPP
For the 2019 Spring Semester I am working in the Criave Lab, a research program through the Architecture School that creates large group mixed reality presentation on a 360 (11636 x 1200) screen. The main focus of the Craive Lab is to replicate real world location within a small space through manipulation perspective with the use of visuals and sounds. In addition to the 360 (11636 x 1200) screen the lab also uses over 135 speackers and 8 projectors to fully immerse the audience. For more information about Craive Lab please visit our website: http://www.clatcraive.net/

In addition to several general projects I am also working on a presentation that will raise awareness of the dangers and problems of nuclear testing and waste disposal. We also hope to raise awareness around how humanity will mark off waste disposal site in the future. This repo consists of the Unity file that will be used for this presentation.

For the presentation I am using Unity as my 3D environment as well as the motion captue project that I am also working on. During the presentation the audience will be able to move around a WIPP (Waste Isolation Pilot Plant). As they move closer to certain parts of the plants information will become visible to them. This may take the form of a wall becoming transparent, a sound effect, UI text popping up on the screen and much more. We are also looking to incorporate the gobal use of nuclear material as well as its history and fucture.

Our goal is to fully encapsulate a WIPP within this project. That way an outside audience can better understande what is going on inside one of these facilities. In addition we constantly are thinking about how to continue this project in following semesters. This means that all work that is done on this project has to be well documented and commented. This is particularly challenging because future students may not have ample coding and unity experience.
